.\" Copyright (c) 2016 Tresys Technology, LLC.  All rights reserved.
.TH sediff 1 2016-04-19 "SELinux Project" "SETools: SELinux Policy Analysis Tools"

.SH NAME
sediff \- SELinux policy difference tool

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBsediff\fR [OPTIONS] [EXPRESSION] POLICY1 POLICY2

.SH DESCRIPTION
Determine the differences between two SELinux policies.

.SH POLICY
.PP
\fBsediff\fR supports loading SELinux policies in one of two formats.
.RS
.IP "source:"
A single text file containing a monolithic policy source. This file is usually named policy.conf.
.IP "binary:"
A single file containing a binary policy. This file is usually named by version on Linux systems, for example, \fIpolicy.30\fR. This file is usually named \fIsepolicy\fR on Android systems.
.RE
.PP
Policies do not need to be the same format. If not provided, \fBsediff\fR will print an error message and exit.

.SH EXPRESSIONS
.P
The user may specify an expression listing the policy elements to differentiate.
If not provided, all supported policy elements are examined.
.SS Component Differences
.IP "--common"
Find differences in common permission sets.
.IP "-c, --class"
Find differences in object classes.
.IP "-t, --type"
Find differences in attributes associated with types.
.IP "-a, --attribute"
Find differences in types assigned to attributes.
.IP "-r, --role"
Find differences in types authorized for roles.
.IP "-u, --user"
Find differences in roles authorized for users.
.IP "-b, --bool"
Find differences in the default values of booleans.
.IP "--sensitivity"
Find differences in sensitivity definitions.
.IP "--category"
Find differences in category definitions.
.IP "--level"
Find differences in MLS level definitions.

.SS Type Enforcement Rule Differences
.IP "-A"
Find differences in allow and allowxperm rules.
.IP "--allow"
Find differences in allow rules.
.IP "--auditallow"
Find differences in auditallow rules.
.IP "--dontaudit"
Find differences in dontaudit rules.
.IP "--neverallow"
Find differences in neverallow rules.
.IP "--allowxperm"
Find differences in allowxperm rules.
.IP "--auditallowxperm"
Find differences in auditallowxperm rules.
.IP "--dontauditxperm"
Find differences in dontauditxperm rules.
.IP "--neverallowxperm"
Find differences in neverallowxperm rules.
.IP "-T, --type_trans"
Find differences in type_transition rules.
.IP "--type_member"
Find differences in type_member rules.
.IP "--type_change"
Find differences in type_change rules.

.SS RBAC Rule Differences
.IP "--role_allow"
Find differences in role allow rules.
.IP "--role_trans"
Find differences in role_transition rules.

.SS MLS Rule Differences
.IP "--range_trans"
Find differences in range_transition rules.

.SS Constraint Differences
.IP "--constrain"
Find differences in constrain rules.
.IP "--mlsconstrain"
Find differences in mlsconstrain rules.
.IP "--validatetrans"
Find differences in validatetrans rules.
.IP "--mlsvalidatetrans"
Find differences in mlsvalidatetrans rules.

.SS Labeling Statement Differences
.IP "--initialsid"
Find differences in initial SID statements.
.IP "--fs_use"
Find differences in fs_use_* statements.
.IP "--genfscon"
Find differences in genfscon statements.
.IP "--netifcon"
Find differences in netifcon statements.
.IP "--nodecon"
Find differences in nodecon statements.
.IP "--portcon"
Find differences in portcon statements.

.SS Other Differences
.IP "--default"
Find differences in default_* statements.
.IP "--property"
Find differences in policy properties. Only applicable for binary policies (policy version,
MLS enabled/disabled, unknown permissions setting).
.IP "--polcap"
Find differences in policy capabilities.
.IP "--typebounds"
Find differences in typebound statements.

.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-h, --help"
Print help information and exit.
.IP "--stats"
Print difference statistics only.
.IP "--version"
Print version information and exit.
.IP "-v, --verbose"
Print additional informational messages.
.IP "--debug"
Enable debugging output.

.SH DIFFERENCES
.PP
.B
sediff
categorizes differences in policy elements into one of three forms.
.RS
.IP "added"
The element exists only in the modified policy.
.IP "removed"
The element exists only in the original policy.
.IP "modified"
The element exists in both policies but its semantic meaning has changed.
For example, a class is modified if one or more permissions are added or removed.
.RE
.PP

.SH AUTHOR
Chris PeBenito <pebenito@ieee.org>

.SH BUGS
Please report bugs via the SETools bug tracker, https://github.com/SELinuxProject/setools/issues

.SH SEE ALSO
apol(1), sedta(1), seinfo(1), seinfoflow(1), sesearch(1)
