.\" Copyright (c) 2016 Tresys Technology, LLC.  All rights reserved.
.TH seinfoflow 1 2016-02-20 "SELinux Project" "SETools: SELinux Policy Analysis Tools"

.SH NAME
seinfoflow \- Information flow analysis for SELinux policies

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBseinfoflow\fR [OPTIONS] -m MAP -s SOURCE [-t TARGET (-S|-A LIMIT)] [EXCLUDE [EXCLUDE ...]]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBseinfoflow\fR is a command line tool that allows the user to perform information flow analyses
on an SELinux policy.

.SH POLICY
.PP
\fBseinfoflow\fR supports loading SELinux policies in one of two formats.
.RS
.IP "source:"
A single text file containing a monolithic policy source. This file is usually named policy.conf.
.IP "binary:"
A single file containing a binary policy. This file is usually named by version on Linux systems, for example, \fIpolicy.30\fR. This file is usually named \fIsepolicy\fR on Android systems.
.RE
.PP
.PP
If no policy file is provided, \fBseinfoflow\fR will search for the policy running on the current
system. If no policy can be found, \fBseinfoflow\fR will print an error message and exit.

.SH OPTIONS
.SS Analysis Settings
.IP "-p POLICY"
Specify the policy to analyze. If none is specified, \fBseinfoflow\fR will search for the policy
running on the current system.
.IP "-m MAP"
Specify the path to the permission map file to use in the information flow analysis.
.IP "-s SOURCE"
Specify the source type to use in the information flow analysis.
.IP "-t TARGET"
Specify the target type to use in the information flow analysis. Using this option will also
require specifying an analysis algorithm.

.SS Analysis Algorithms
\fBseinfoflow\fR uses graph algorithms to analyze the information flow paths of an SELinux policy.
The following algorithms are options for determining paths from a source type to a target type.
.IP "-S"
Print the shortest information flow path(s) from the source type to the target type.  If multiple
paths have the same length, all will be displayed.
.IP "-A LIMIT"
Print all information flow path(s) up to LIMIT steps long.  Depending on the connectiveness of
the policy, a limit of 5 or more may be extremely expensive.

.SS Analysis Options
.IP "-w MIN_WEIGHT"
Specify the minimum permission weight to consider for the analysis (1-10). The default is 3.
.IP "-l LIMIT_FLOWS"
Specify the maximum number of information flows to output. The default is unlimited.
.IP EXCLUDE
A space-separated list of types to exclude from the analysis.

.SS General Options
.IP "--stats"
Print information flow graph statistics at the end of the analysis.
.IP "-h, --help"
Print help information and exit.
.IP "--version"
Print version information and exit.
.IP "-v, --verbose"
Print additional informational messages.
.IP "--debug"
Enable debugging output.

.SH AUTHOR
Chris PeBenito <pebenito@ieee.org>

.SH BUGS
Please report bugs via the SETools bug tracker, https://github.com/SELinuxProject/setools/issues

.SH SEE ALSO
apol(1), sediff(1), sedta(1), seinfo(1), sesearch(1)
